VALUES

5/25/2018
11:28 PM

Why? -> What?

Who?

Her name is Zephyr. When she thinks about big things, she gets scared and angry. When she thinks about small things she gets confused. She second-guesses everything. Nothing feels quite right. Of course, the exact opposite might be true.

Her name is Zephyr. She has no discipline.

She wants to be gentle. She wants to bring gentleness into this world. She wants to beat swords into plowshares. She wants to soften, and re-soften. She wants to give and take delight.

She is alone. She spends a lot of time alone. She has always spent most of her free time alone. She has always spent most of her time free. Free and alone. She feels guilty and frustrated about most of her time. She regrets her own choices even as she makes them. She tries to break her own habits. She does not trust herself.

What kind of masterpiece can come from such a master?

Implicit in making anything is the conjuration of a universe. Not from scratch but from experience. Reflection selection. She feels painfully sober. As her personality dictates, she reaches for a fix. But there is nothing. Her universe cannot be fixed.

Does she want to escape? Does she want to help you escape? Or is she just trying to connect, to communicate? She has forgotten the difference, and she feels a subtle anguish, like softly missing something that was never there.

She looks at the hair on her chest, and tries to conceive of herself as beautiful. She fails. She has not felt gender-affirmed in a long, long time. She almost forgets what it felt like, and when she tries to remember she recalls others' experiences, their descriptions, intermediated. Can she feel her own feelings? They are so quiet so much of the time. Is her experience worth amplifying? Does she have anything to say at all?

Is she worth anything?

Her memories, her habits, say, no, not really. She is a placeholder. She is an empty set, left to wait for something better. Something more meaningful. Something you can really feel.

Something less alone? Maybe. But that's not the point.

What is the point?

The world around her is terrifying and unfair. The men who run it must be stopped.

How do we get from here to the guillotine?

The latest news is that ICE lost at least 1400 children from their fucking concentration camps, and they've been ordered to destroy evidence of abuse. The mind reels, flinches away from the implications. Her mind, at least, keeps coming back to it, flinching away, then circling back to it again.